# spi_research_3
"Sustainable Passive Income research project for the development of my own stock indices; BBIs"

\nLine 1 of config denotes what day the timelist will start on
Line 2 of config denotes what day the timelist will end on
Line 3 of config denotes the buying multipler, by default it is set to $1

The make up of each theory is as follows (with their respective weights):
BBI-Top15: (all 0.0666)
AMZN, APPL, AVGO, BRK-B, GOOG, GOOGL, GS, HD, MCD, META, MSFT, NVDA, PEP, TSLA, UNH

BBI-15: (all 0.0666)
BAC, BLK, F, IVR, JNJ, JPM, KO, RITM, SIRI, SPG, TGT, VOO, VOOV, WMT, XOM

BBI-7:
ARCC; 0.1333, ET; 0.1333, NEWT; 0.1333, NLY; 0.1333, PSEC; 0.1998, T; 0.133, VTI; 0.1333

Currently, the program produces plots (found in the sources\plots folder). Along with these plots, it also generates regression lines.
The regression lines generated by this program are not perfect lines; improvements will be made to the program in that regard in future updates.

Please note that this is a passion project; it is being developed for my utilization. Therefore, it is not of the highest quality/for normal users. Future versions will be more user friendly.
I highly encourage that this script be run in a administrative terminal; I can run otherwise but it is much slower. Also multiprocessing/threading might not working correctly outsidd of one.
This project is part of my ongoing research and utilization. Not all versions of the project will be uploaded/updated. This about the 7nth time I have rewritten this program lol

The current TODO for future updates:
-make multithreading/processing dynamic to the amount of files given; currently it hard codes the assignments of processes and threads
-improve speed of algorithm
-consolidate program into a singular runner file with a singular helper file
-make the program update files retro-actively with the latest stock market data
-make the program write less data to disk
-remove unnecessary bulk
-try a different and more dynamic approach
-produce regression lines that are better able to fit; polynomial regression (tried to do, issue was outputting to user the formula)
-decrease random code/overhaul on clean up (its messy rn :/)
-expand upon the scope of this project; add more statistical analysis stuff
-improve graphing stuff (probably use R?)
-increase/improve modularity
-psuedo code writeup
-fix the progress bar stuff(?)
-make iterable buying multipler thing
-improve file_cube functionality
-fix dictionary/array weirdness
-implement stock splits (current only handle missed market days and dividend yields)
-add checks to make sure folder locations exist; currently does not do, please do not delete folders otherwise the program will break if the given file structure is not provided
-graphing needs to be fixed; currently when you get to the end the graphs start to look undefined which they are not suppose to...
-dynamic timelist graphing
-dynamic weight accounting
